sale_commercial_partner/README.rst, before:

=======================
Sale Commercial Partner
=======================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:1279401a2a57780f4bbffa133dd3825efed0e651d695bc159acd62c294b0645d
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Production%2FStable-green.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Production/Stable
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fsale--workflow-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/tree/18.0/sale_commercial_partner
    :alt: OCA/sale-workflow
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/sale-workflow-18-0/sale-workflow-18-0-sale_commercial_partner
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/sale-workflow&target_branch=18.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module adds a related stored field *Commercial Entity* on sale
orders.

This module is the twin brother of the OCA module
*purchase_commercial_partner* located in the `purchase-workflow
project <https://github.com/OCA/purchase-workflow/>`__.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

You can group by *Commercial Entity*:

- in *Sales > Orders > Quotations*,
- in *Sales > Orders > Orders*,
- in *Sales > Reporting > Sales* (it is a native feature in this menu)

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/issues/new?body=module:%20sale_commercial_partner%0Aversion:%2018.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
-------

* Akretion

Contributors
------------

- Alexis de Lattre <alexis.delattre@akretion.com>
- Serpent Consulting Services Pvt. Ltd. <support@serpentcs.com>
- Rattapong Chokmasermkul <rattapongc@ecosoft.co.th>
- Tharathip Chaweewongphan <tharathipc@ecosoft.co.th>
- `APSL <https://apsl.tech>`__:

  - Antoni Marroig <amarroig@apsl.net>

Maintainers
-----------

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

.. |maintainer-alexis-via| image:: https://github.com/alexis-via.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/alexis-via
    :alt: alexis-via

Current `maintainer <https://odoo-community.org/page/maintainer-role>`__:

|maintainer-alexis-via| 

This module is part of the `OCA/sale-workflow <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/tree/18.0/sale_commercial_partner>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[MIG] sale_commercial_partner: Migration to 18.0

sale_commercial_partner/README.rst, after:

=======================
Sale Commercial Partner
=======================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:1279401a2a57780f4bbffa133dd3825efed0e651d695bc159acd62c294b0645d
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Production%2FStable-green.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Production/Stable
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fsale--workflow-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/tree/18.0/sale_commercial_partner
    :alt: OCA/sale-workflow
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/sale-workflow-18-0/sale-workflow-18-0-sale_commercial_partner
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/sale-workflow&target_branch=18.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module adds a related stored field *Commercial Entity* on sale
orders.

This module is the twin brother of the OCA module
*purchase_commercial_partner* located in the `purchase-workflow
project <https://github.com/OCA/purchase-workflow/>`__.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

You can group by *Commercial Entity*:

- in *Sales > Orders > Quotations*,
- in *Sales > Orders > Orders*,
- in *Sales > Reporting > Sales* (it is a native feature in this menu)

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/issues/new?body=module:%20sale_commercial_partner%0Aversion:%2018.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
-------

* Akretion

Contributors
------------

- Alexis de Lattre <alexis.delattre@akretion.com>
- Serpent Consulting Services Pvt. Ltd. <support@serpentcs.com>
- Rattapong Chokmasermkul <rattapongc@ecosoft.co.th>
- Tharathip Chaweewongphan <tharathipc@ecosoft.co.th>
- `APSL <https://apsl.tech>`__:

  - Antoni Marroig <amarroig@apsl.net>

- `Trobz <https://www.trobz.com>`__:

  - Nhan Tran <nhant@trobz.com>

Other credits
-------------

The migration of this module from 17.0 to 18.0 was financially supported
by Camptocamp

Maintainers
-----------

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

.. |maintainer-alexis-via| image:: https://github.com/alexis-via.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/alexis-via
    :alt: alexis-via

Current `maintainer <https://odoo-community.org/page/maintainer-role>`__:

|maintainer-alexis-via| 

This module is part of the `OCA/sale-workflow <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/tree/18.0/sale_commercial_partner>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
