sale_discount_display_amount/README.rst, before:

============================
Sale Discount Display Amount
============================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:9a806b0bdeda8c0cf133a5dd1ccf5b179856d2a8259031f367b9edb6f036f00e
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fsale--workflow-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/tree/16.0/sale_discount_display_amount
    :alt: OCA/sale-workflow
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/sale-workflow-16-0/sale-workflow-16-0-sale_discount_display_amount
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/sale-workflow&target_branch=16.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

In standard Odoo only display the rate of the discount applied, never the
amount. It could be great to be able to tell the customer how much he spares.
This is the goal of this addons, it will show on a sale
order the total without the discount and the value of the discount.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

To configure this module, you need to:

#. Go to Sales/Settings and check "Allow discounts on sales order lines"

Usage
=====


To use this module, you need to:

#. Go on a sale order
#. Set a discount on a line
#. The value of the discount is dislayed in the total section as well as the total without it.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/issues/new?body=module:%20sale_discount_display_amount%0Aversion:%2016.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* ACSONE SA/NV

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Cédric Pigeon <cedric.pigeon@acsone.eu>
* Abraham Anes <abrahamanes@gmail.com>
* Chafique Delli <chafique.delli@akretion.com>
* Ruchir Shukla <ruchir@bizzappdev.com>
* Manuel Regidor <manuel.regidor@sygel.es>
* Ángel García de la Chica Herrera <angel.garcia@sygel.es>

* `Pesol <https://www.pesol.es>`__:

  * Jonathan Oscategui Taza <info@pesol.es>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/sale-workflow <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/tree/16.0/sale_discount_display_amount>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[MIG] Sale Discount Display Amount: Migration to 17.0

sale_discount_display_amount/README.rst, after:

============================
Sale Discount Display Amount
============================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:bbe170573a7271befeaef85ccb150ab7766de57da3e4c8c02fb6eb954c7f0fe3
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fsale--workflow-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/tree/17.0/sale_discount_display_amount
    :alt: OCA/sale-workflow
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/sale-workflow-17-0/sale-workflow-17-0-sale_discount_display_amount
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/sale-workflow&target_branch=17.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

In standard Odoo only display the rate of the discount applied, never the
amount. It could be great to be able to tell the customer how much he spares.
This is the goal of this addons, it will show on a sale
order the total without the discount and the value of the discount.
You can choose if you want the discount on the Total with or the Total without TAX.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

To configure this module, you need to:

#. Go to Sales/Settings and check "Allow discounts on sales order lines"
#. Go to Sales/Settings and check or uncheck "Show the Discount with TAX" depending on your needs

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

#. Go on a sale order
#. Set a discount on a line
#. The value of the discount is dislayed in the total section as well as the total without it.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/issues/new?body=module:%20sale_discount_display_amount%0Aversion:%2017.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* ACSONE SA/NV

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Cédric Pigeon <cedric.pigeon@acsone.eu>
* Abraham Anes <abrahamanes@gmail.com>
* Chafique Delli <chafique.delli@akretion.com>
* Ruchir Shukla <ruchir@bizzappdev.com>
* Manuel Regidor <manuel.regidor@sygel.es>

* `Pesol <https://www.pesol.es>`__:

  * Jonathan Oscategui Taza <info@pesol.es>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/sale-workflow <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/tree/17.0/sale_discount_display_amount>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
